Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)

I’m a student from Nepal and want to learn Deep Learning. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship.  In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs.  So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.
I want to take this course as I want to learn Deep Learner in AI.

I want to complete the CNN:  This Course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out CNN and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course.
I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.



How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals? (150 words minimum required)

Receiving this scholarship will boost my self-confidence, knowing that I not only completed a very important task, but also took the responsibility of creating a foundation for getting me closer to my career goals. I believe in the importance of earning a college degree. Therefore, I plan to work extra hard to obtain an Machine Learning Knowledge. The scholarship award will only push me further towards my Data science and my dreams of one day having a successful career as an Deep Learning. Being the first generation in my family to attend college, I have always aspired to learn the right way to manage money and to produce successful budgets. I also believe in giving back to my community by helping others in financial crisis, so they won’t have the same financial burdens that I had growing up in a single family household. Five years from now I see myself employed at a large local firm, crunching numbers, evaluating, and solving certain financial matters. I just feel blessed that I am given the opportunity to be awarded a scholarship to help fulfill my dream and I will prove that I do have what it takes to not only be a successful student, but an outstanding Data Scientist
